ACTION ITEMS

DEC_28_ACTION_ITEM_1 - Connect with PCSS admin and almni
- As per Andrews letter discuss ideas and proposal to PCSS admin and alumni to get feedback and approval for the Almni 
Connect Pathway Group.  The purpose is to ensure stakeholders are aware of ACPG as they will be conducting formal 
presentations in school and establishing almni connections with present, past, and future students
- Member ACPG-Knowles to discuss ACPG mission to admin and then get into contact with PCSS almni group to discuss 
ACPG mission. Timelines Jan_7_2013 - Feb_28_2013

DEC_28_ACTION_ITEM_2 - Categorize Formal Presentation Structure
- As per Andrews letter "present through a multistage system" - The format is proposed as follows - 
1) Discovering your greatest passion - Target - grade 10's - present Dec or Jan ["This presentation would involve 
giving students the idea that they need to go out and discover what they love and find out more about it.  It will 
help them find direction for choosing their senior courses(especially grade 12 prerequisites) and get them to go 
out and actively discover their greatest passions.  This presentation needs to be motivational, captivating, and 
inventive.  Also this will help students get a chance to get out an volunteer in their field of choice."]

2) Pursuing your greatest passion - Target - grade 11's - present Sept ["This presentation will provide students with
the resources to help pursue their dreams.  We will provide them with tips and tricks we use and ways to find support
for the projects they want to work on (online resources, books or where else to find support).  We will also briefly
talk about ways to help with university applications and discovering the programs/schools based on their passions.
As well looking into summer jobs and CO-OP placements to help better understand their passions and goals."]

3) University survival guide - Target - grade 12's - present May/June ["This presentation will go over university life
as well as tips and tricks we use to survive and succeed.  This would ideally be at the SciTech retreat.  The
information we give will help students in their post secondary careers and experience."]



